ref(profiling): add transaction payload context section to the docs (#11287)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/telemetry/profiles/sample-format-v2.mdx

{"event_id":"a229377b82ad4898be7c3a6272d052d9"}
{"type":"profile_chunk"}
{ /* profile_chunk JSON payload */}
````

## Modifying Transactions Payload

> There are some additional contexts we need to attach to the *transactions/spans* payloads for continuous profiling to be connected to tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional context needs to be attached to the *transactions/spans* payloads for continuous profiling to be connected to tracing.
```

1. Profile Context:

The profile context for a transaction needs to be updated to contain the profiler id so it can be associated back to the transaction. 
The context at `.contexts.profile` should look like:

```json
{
  "profiler_id": "42928c7ee9174231956f077581145489"
} 
```

2. Trace Context

The trace context for a transaction needs to be updated to contain the active `thread id` so we know which thread is associated with the transaction. This is often implemented as the thread that the transaction was started in.

The context at `.contexts.trace` should look like:

```json
{
	"data": {
		"thread.id": "thread id",
		"thread.name": "thread name",
	},
	// existing trace context
} 
```

`thread.id`

*String, required.* This should be a string that matches the thread id in the *thread_metadata* of the profile chunk.

`thread.name`

*String, optional.* This should be a string that matches the thread name in the *thread_metadata* of the profile chunk.

3. Span Data

> The span data for a span needs to be updated to contain the active *thread id* so we know which thread is associated with the transaction.
> This is often implemented as the thread that the transaction was started in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Span data needs to be updated in order for a span to contain the active *thread id* so we know which thread is associated with the transaction.
This is often implemented as the thread that the transaction was started in.
```
